Start some docs for the operator (#2076)
kroxylicious/kroxylicious: docs/modules/con-about-proxy-guide.adoc

[discrete]
= About this guide

This guide covers installing, configuring, securing, and operating the Kroxylicious Proxy in a non-Kubernetes environment.

> To run the proxy on Kubernetes, see the separate guide for the Kroxylicious Operator.
> Other guides should be consulted if you want to developing plugins for Kroxylicious.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to other Kroxylicious guides for information on running the proxy on Kubernetes using the Kroxylicious Operator, or for advanced topics such as plugin development.
```
